Project Title: Intelligent Customer Help Desk with Smart Document Understanding

Project Category: Artificial Intelligence 

Project Description:
The typical customer care chatbot can answer simple questions, such as store locations and hours, directions, and maybe even making 
appointments. When a question falls outside of the scope of the pre-determined question set, the option is typically to tell the 
customer the question isn’t valid or offer to speak to a real person.

In this project, there will be another option. If the customer question is about the operation of a device, the application shall pass 
the question onto Watson Discovery Service, which has been pre-loaded with the device’s owners manual. So now, instead of “Would you 
like to speak to a customer representative?” we can return relevant sections of the owners manual to help solve our customers’ problems.

To take it a step further, the project shall use the Smart Document Understanding feature of Watson Discovery to train it on what text 
in the owners manual is important and what is not. This will improve the answers returned from the queries.

Project Requirements:
IBM Cloud Account, IBM Watson Assistant, IBM Watson Discovery, IBM Cloud Functions, Github Account, Node-Red Basics  
Scope of Work:
Create a customer care dialog skill in Watson Assistant.
Use Smart Document Understanding to build an enhanced Watson Discovery collection.
Create an IBM Cloud Functions web action that allows Watson Assistant to post queries to Watson Discovery.
Build a web application with integration to all these services & deploy the same on IBM Cloud Platform.

Working:
The project has been divided into two parts: the learning part and the practical part. There are 5 modules out of which the first 4 
modules gives enough training for the practical part.

Github account is linked to the project and a channel is created for the project.
IBM Cloud Account is created. The three services IBM Watson Assistant, IBM Watson Discovery and IBM Cloud Functions are created and 
configured. A Node-RED application is created and a visual wiring of the project is made in the workspace node. Upon completion, the bot 
is tested and the results are captured. Then its working is documented. 

Conclusion:
This projects helps in understanding how real world companies/applications build their chatbox which keeps their website interactive and 
also acts as an instant helpline to its customers.  

